{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Creating a Nym Reply }{\author Administrator}{\operator Administrator}{\creatim\yr2000\mo2\dy12\hr20\min19}
{\revtim\yr2000\mo2\dy12\hr20\min24}{\version5}{\edmins5}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords234}{\nofchars1336}{\*\company itech}{\nofcharsws1640}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120
\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs22\cf6 Creating a Nym Reply }{\f1\fs20 
\par }{\f1\fs22 You now have the option of providing a PGP passphrase that will be used to provide extra encryption to any mail sent to you and hide your association with the Nym you are using. }{\f1\fs22 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs22 When the nym server receives e-mail addressed to your nym, it encrypts it using your Nym Public Key ID and also conventional encrypts the message to protect your associati}{\f1\fs22 on with the Nym you are using.
\par }{\f1\fs22 
\par The 'Passphrases' below will be used by each remailer you choose. The message is then forwarded to the e-mail address you prev}{\f1\fs22 iously specified in Step 4).  }{\f1\fs22 
You'll need to remember these passphrases to decrypt mail forwarded to you from the nym server.   Don't use spaces in the passphrase."
\par }{\f1\fs22 
\par }{\f1\fs22 Because each remailer in your reply block will apply this conventional encryption, it is safer if you use a different pass}{\f1\fs22 pharse for each remailer hop.  }{\f1\fs22 For example, if you are going to use on
ly two remailers, then enter two pass phrases.  If you omit any then the first passphrase will be use}{\f1\fs22 d for all the other remailers. }{\f1\fs22 Lastly, to decrypt the messsage you will need to apply the passphrases in reverse order.}{\f1\fs22  }
{\f1\fs22 For example, if you decided to have the Nym server encrypt the reply block with the passphrase 'Jack' and the first remailer with 'John' and the last with 'Jill' then you would need to apply the }{\f1\fs22 p}{\f1\fs22 
hassphrases in the reverse order to decrypt the message}{\f1\fs22 s, i.e. 'Jill -> John -> Jack'.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf6 Creating a Reply Block using your email address
\par }{\f1\fs22 If you wish the encrypted reply to come to your email address then just place your email in the address text box.}{\f1\fs22 
\par    }{\f1\fs22 
\par }{\b\f1\fs22\cf6 Using a NewsGroup in your Reply Block
\par }{\f1\fs22 If you wish the encrypted reply to 
go to a newsgroup, then place the name of the newsgroup in the text box provided, plus the news service.  All you then need do is go to the newsgroup, say alt.anonymous.messages, or anything else you want to use, and then download your mail     }{\fs20  

\par }}